Add tolerations support (#11)
travelaudience/aerospike-operator: docs/usage/10-managing-clusters.adoc

IMPORTANT: When deleting an `AerospikeCluster` using `kubectl delete` one **MUST** make sure that the value of the `--cascade` flag is set to `true`. This is the default value for this command, and **MUST NOT** be changed. Running `kubectl delete --cascade=false` against an `AerospikeCluster`  resource will cause existing dependent resources (pods, services, etc...) to be left untouched (i.e. _orphaned_), requiring manual cleanup by an operator to be deleted from the Kubernetes cluster.

IMPORTANT: When deleting and recreating an `AerospikeCluster` using `kubectl replace --force` one **MUST** make sure that the value of the `--cascade` flag is set to `true`. This is **NOT** the default value for this command, and **MUST be explicitly set**. Running `kubectl replace --force` without `--cascade=true` against an `AerospikeCluster` resource will cause existing dependent resources (pods, services, etc...) to be left untouched (i.e. _orphaned_), requiring manual cleanup by an operator to be deleted from the Kubernetes cluster.

== Defining tolerations for an Aerospike cluster

> To define tolerations for an Aerospike cluster one needs to add `tolerations` property to `AerospikeCluster` custom resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to define tolerations for an Aerospike cluster, one sets `AerospikeCluster.spec.tolerations` property:
```
